{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11920\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Uli's M\cf3 oo\cf2 se 3.5 for MacOS X\cf0 \

\f1\b0\fs24 \

\b \cf2 What is it?
\b0 \cf0 \
Uli's Moose is a program that brings a moose on your screen from time to time that says something witty, funny or utterly useless.\
\

\b \cf2 How do I install it?
\b0 \cf0 \
Just copy the program named "Moose" into your "Applications" folder (If you don't have admin privileges, create an "Applications" folder in your home folder and put it in there). Then double-click the "Moose" application and click the "Launch at Startup" check box on the "Options" page so the Moose will show up the next time you log in. The Moose has an FAQ in its "Help" menu that should answer any other questions you may have.\
\

\b \cf2 How do I remove it?
\b0 \cf0 \
You really want to do that? Oh well, just delete the "Moose" application (or quit it and move it  out of the "Applications" folder) and the Moose will be gone. If you want to get rid of the Moose only temporarily, simply quit it.\
\

\b \cf2 What are the system requirements?
\b0 \cf0 \
Uli's Moose 3.5 should run on Mac OS X 10.3 or higher. If that doesn't work for you, or you are running Mac OS X 10.1, download the older version 3.0.5, which actually runs on anything up to 10.3.\
\

\b \cf2 May I give it to my friends?\cf0 \

\b0 You may copy this program and pass it on to your friends and acquaintances as long as you do not charge for it and you pass on the entire distribution, including this readme file. You may also upload this file to BBSs or other online software distribution sites as long as they do not charge money for downloading. However, inclusion in commercial distributions and on magazine or book CD-ROMs or in other bundled collections requires the explicit consent of M. Uli Kusterer. Uli's Moose is \'a9 Copyright 1995-2007 by M. Uli Kusterer, all rights reserved. The Talking Moose idea and the "Steve's Moose" image are \'a9 Copyright 1986 by Steve Halls, all rights reserved.\
\

\b \cf2 Why is this readme so dry and humour-less?
\b0 \cf0 \
Because the Moose is incomplete. In order to make it run on MacOS X, I had to remove a lot of the old features, and now this program looks so sad compared to previous ones that I just couldn't come up with anything funny to write. I'll try to improve this as the Moose gets better.\
\

\b \cf2 Did you do this all by yourself?
\b0 \cf0 \
No.  If anybody tells you they made a program all by themselves, quickly grab your belongings and 
\b run!
\b0  No program can ever be complete without oodles of brave testers who endanger their data and their computers (not to mention any high opinion of the programmer they may have) to bring you a bullet-proof program. All that works in this program is only due to their scrupulous examination of Mooseness. All that's broken is due to my stupidity. You can find a current list of all testers in the Moose's "About Uli's Moose" window.\
\

\b \cf2 Who are you, anyway?
\b0 \cf0 \
I don't seriously think you'd ever ask this question, but I thought I'd just put it in here anyway. That little feller named Vanity who's sitting over there in the corner, trying to cure his hangover by drinking raw eggs is forcing me to do it. My name is Uli Kusterer, and I've been a huge fan of the Moose since I first heard of it. But sadly, I soon found out that nobody had done a version for System 7 or better. So I wrote my own and got in contact with Steve Halls, who let me do it. Now we're up to 10.5 and still strong and lively.\
\
You can reach me at the following addresses:\
\
witness (at) zathras (dot) de\
kusterer (at) gmail (dot) com\
witness (dot) of (dot) teachtext (at) gmx (dot) net\
webmaster (at) the (dash) void (dash) software (dot) com\
\
And you can get new versions of the Moose at:\
\
http://www.zathras.de/moose/\
\
\
\
\
\'a9 2001-2006 by M. Uli Kusterer.}