{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10260\viewh10900\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Uli's M\cf3 oo\cf2 se Animation\cf0 \

\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f2\b \cf2 What is it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
An animation controls how the Moose will look, i.e. what face it shows while it is speaking. This animation file includes all the images the Moose needs to show this particular new face.\
\

\f2\b \cf2 How do I install it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Double-click the icon of the animation file (its name ends in ".nose"). That should cause the Moose to start up and install the animation. From then on you will be able to select the animation in the Moose Preferences. You can now delete the animation file and this readme, they won't be needed anymore.\
\

\f2\b \cf2 How do I remove it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Animations are installed inside your home folder. Go to\
\
 Library -> Application Support -> Moose -> Animations\
\
in there you'll find a copy of this animation file that you can drag to the trash to get rid of it.\
\

\f2\b \cf2 May I give it to my friends?\cf0 \

\f1\b0 You may copy this animation and pass it on to your friends and acquaintances as long as you do not charge for it and you pass on the entire distribution, including this readme file. You may also upload this file  to BBSs or other online software distribution sites as long as they do not charge money for downloading (for BBSs regular connection fees are OK, as are the connect fees of your ISP), as long as you also include the entire distribution and this readme. However, inclusion in commercial distributions and on magazine or book CD-ROMs or in other bundled collections requires the explicit consent of M. Uli Kusterer. Uli's Moose is \'a9 Copyright 2000-2006 by M. Uli Kusterer, all rights reserved. The Talking Moose idea and the "Steve's Moose" image are \'a9 Copyright 1986 by Steve Halls, all rights reserved.\
\

\f2\b \cf2 Where can I get updates or more animations?\cf0 \

\f1\b0 You can get new versions of the Moose and new animations at:\
\
http://www.zathras.de/moose/\
\
\
\
\
\'a9 2001-2006 by M. Uli Kusterer.}